Key,Source,Context,Changes,English
cntMedicineCabinetLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Medicine Cabinet Locked
cntCabinetBottomLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cabinet Bottom Locked
cntCupboardCabinetRedTopLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cupboard Cabinet Red Top Locked
cntCabinetOldBottomLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cabinet Old Bottom Locked
cntCupboardCabinetOldTopLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cupboard Cabinet Old Top Locked
cntNightstandLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Night Stand Locked
cntMedicineCabinetFaucetLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Medicine Cabinet Faucet Locked
cntWoodDesk01Locked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Wood Desk 01 Locked
cntMetalDesk02Locked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Metal Desk 02 Locked
cntFileCabinetShortLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,File Cabinet Short Locked
cntFileCabinetTallLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,File Cabinet Tall Locked
cntLockersShortLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Lockers Short Locked
cntLockersTallLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Lockers Tall Locked
cntLockersTallMixLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Lockers Tall Mix Locked
cntLockersTallMixLinkLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Lockers Tall Mix Link Locked
cntCashRegisterLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cash Register Locked
cntLuggageMediumLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Luggage Medium Locked
cntLuggageBigLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Luggage Big Locked
cntPillCaseLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Pill Case Locked
cntToolBoxLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Tool Box Locked
cntRollingToolBoxLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Rolling Tool Box Locked
cntLuggagePileALocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Luggage Pile A Locked
cntLuggagePileBLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Luggage Pile B Locked